[Music]
but these opportunities don't really
come up very often this is certainly
been a career highlight I think they're
very similar I think they both come from
a punk attitude they're just in very
different areas of the music business
making a series about the ocean is a
really big ask one of the hardest things
is to capture the scale of it the
spectacles that happen in it are
enormous I think we've just about
captured it with our images but then
when you put the collaboration between
Radiohead and hands together that scale
is in their music it sort of seeped into
my subconscious I found myself dreaming
about these creatures quite a lot when
we came to do all those weird recordings
for King of Limbs it must have been in
there somewhere because I started with
the Connie's bass line and the lyric
open your mouth wine
Oh
[Music]
I think there's an instinctive
collaboration and can happen among
physicians sometimes it's actually quite
liberating starting with with a vocal we
have all sort of our melodic concepts of
where it's supposed to go and it's kind
of no commitment to the crazy drums or
the bass button and you just say you
take what you want to take I'm go yet
but what about anyway and quite often
those favorite bits are hidden and we
keep very quiet bizarrely enough in a
funny way I was trying to be respectful
and not not ruin the song if you know
what I mean if somebody hands you
somebody else's work responsibilities
and you know just the respect that it's
good to be optimistic that such amazing
work is being done by the BBC and it's
going to be already be proud of them
it's amazing that all this research is
being done and you know this is a great
way to publicize an important course I
think what you can do with these images
or what you can do in music nephritis
time to drive again you get under their
skin and maybe make them feel about
business can make you love and
appreciate this beautiful world maybe
remember that mr. personally but it was
slightly better than we found it and the
fact that this TV series is coming out
of this moment I rekindles our love of
the oceans and our desire to understand
really our relationship to them it's one
of like this is bigger than you
because
[Music]
[Applause]
you